Use handshake instead of negotiation where appropriate. (#97)
radext-wg/draft-ietf-radext-radiusdtls-bis: draft-ietf-radext-radiusdtls-bis.md

The source port is arbitrary.
For considerations regarding the multi-purpose use of one port for authentication and accounting see {{radius_packets}}.

RADIUS/TLS servers MUST immediately start the TLS handshake when a new connection to the RADIUS/TLS port is opened.
They MUST close the connection and discard any data sent if the connecting client does not start a TLS handshake or if the TLS handshake fails at any point.

> RADIUS/DTLS servers MUST silently discard any packet they receive over the RADIUS/DTLS port that is not a new DTLS handshake or a packet sent over a DTLS connection established earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RADIUS/DTLS servers MUST silently discard any UDP datagram they receive over the RADIUS/DTLS port that is not a new DTLS handshake or a datagram related to a DTLS connection established earlier.
```

This applies the terminology we introduced earlier.
